Initial README (#1)
authkeys/rook-ceph-multicluster: README.md

# rook ceph multi clusters

> This example show how to setup 2 CephCluster, each with replica set to 2, exposing 2 different StorageClass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to setup two instances of `CephCluster`, each with `replica` set to 2 and exposing two different `StorageClass` resources.
```

*Operator* runs in `rook-ceph` namespace.

*CephCluster* for data (slow disks) runs in `rook-ceph-data` namespace. 

> *CephCluster* for index (fast disks) runs in `rook-ceph-idx` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces are arranged as follows:

*Operator* runs in the `rook-ceph` namespace.

*CephCluster* for data (backed by low performance disks) runs in the `rook-ceph-data` namespace. 

*CephCluster* for index (backed by faster disks) runs in the `rook-ceph-idx` namespace.
```

## Kustomize

The example provide kustomization files with 2 overlays

### Overlay dev

3 nodes, disks selected using devicePathFilter

> `kustomize build rook-ceph/overlays/dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### dev overlay

This is a 3 nodes setup, with disks selected by `devicePathFilter` property.

Render with:
`kustomize build rook-ceph/overlays/dev`
```

### Overlay production

3 nodes, disks selected using deviceFilter

> `kustomize build rook-ceph/overlays/production`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### production overlay

This is a 3 nodes setup, with disks selected by  deviceFilter property.

Render with:
`kustomize build rook-ceph/overlays/production`
```
